- I am to make structures from prep assignment in propper cpp format
- previously no function were included with the structure itself
- c classic structures do not support direct functon deff within the structure
- but cpp does support it
- check printf defination
- check intermediate stages of compilation
- revise association and precidence
- do quant
- make the mis
- do https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-number-of-winning-players/
-
- >>Assignment day 1
- >>Q1. Write a menu driven program for Date in a C. Declare a structure Date having data members
  day, month, year. Implement the following functions.
  void initDate(struct Date* ptrDate);
  void printDateOnConsole(struct Date* ptrDate);
  void acceptDateFromConsole(struct Date* ptrDate);
- >>Q2. Write a menu driven program for Date in a CPP language using structure and also using class.
  Date is having data members day, month, year. Implement the following functions.
  void initDate();
  void printDateOnConsole();
  void acceptDateFromConsole();
  bool isLeapYear()
- >>Q3. Write a menu driven program for Student in CPP language. Create a class student with data
  members roll no, name and marks. Implement the following functions
  void initStudent();
  void printStudentOnConsole();
  void acceptStudentFromConsole();
- >>Q4. Create a namespace NStudent. Create the Student class(created as per Q3) inside namespace.
  Create the object of student and perform accept and display student.
-
- questions 1-3 done in cmpuss by 6
- going home and will do 4 there
- came home at 7.00
- had milk and biscuit
- 4 is just 3
- todays assignments done
-
- Remaining: quant , reading , mis
-
- found https://github.com/khanashraf33/ project for sunbeam made with spring and react pizza system
- found https://github.com/samkit5495?tab=repositories
- and https://leetcode.com/u/Rushi2710/ is of one of the batchmates rushikesh patil
- seemed snobish to me
- to they are hard working i feel they lack in humility
- or i may just be justifying my inferiority complex
- may be he may be overwelmed by the responses?
- i dont have any humility my self
- but i came to know that it hurts others if you treat them poorly
- May be i should forget about it and focus on myself
- lets solve some leet code questions
-
- Remainig mis system
- take a photo for linked in
-